my name is Ken and we're nine months out
how kind of notice is something
different going on with me notices some
you know changes that can really put
their finger on it and now what I'm
getting is you need to get a haircut and
I haven't had somebody tell me that I
need to get a haircut yourself I didn't
expect it to look this good
it's a tiger's eye I expected out a
little bit of hair up there I didn't
know my expectation was is that as it
got longer you would notice that it was
thinner and then I really actually
wouldn't be able to do what I wanted to
do and that was to throw it out super
long and also get in the swimming pool
and that hasn't been the case it
actually I mean it's full whether it's
wet dry and especially like you said
we're only nine months into it this is
uh been from what I've read
I think this far superseded by expert
your kids ever seen you with this much
hair um no they haven't actually not uh
I did have well not that they can
remember my oldest is eighteen so he
would have been about four or three
years old when I had hair in this law
yeah so where does your wife say about
this is she happy to having you back to
where you were before you know she's
happy because I'm happy you know she's
one of those wives that'll say oh it
didn't matter how you looked but you can
tell because my outlook is much more
positive you know I'm I feel younger I
think that's a partner's sister she was
picking up
I feel younger I act younger and a
little bit more carefree but that's the
part that she really enjoyed she enjoys
the fact that I feel good about it and
so and she really meant for them it
looks a lot nicer
she's sure about her happy yeah you're
right
alright I appreciate you coming in every
month thank you very much and we'll see
you next month
see you next